# Call-Of-The-Fight-Processing
Grade 11 summative

I wrote the below for my grade 11 written section of the summative for my teacher wow I was so proud.

This program is a real time strategy game where the user must have fast reflexes 
and vast strategical knowledge in order to win. This program uses OBJECT ORIENTED 
PROGRAMMING, an advanced concept that was not covered in ICS3U, but rather is saved 
for gr. 12 and university level classes. I, Nicholas Paul, a grade 
11 student has extensively researched and learned the concept. This program uses not 
one, not two, but three seperate GUI windows in processing that were generated by
G4P, YET I REDID THE ENTIRETY OF THE GUI CODE IN ORDER TO ADD CERTAIN FEATURES 
SUCH AS RESETS, BACKGROUNDS AND GAME OVER FUNCTIONALITY. Some windows, like the 
menu and instructions, were completely CREATED BY ME without the G4P gui builder.
This program has amazing music. This program has incredible images. This program
has moving objects within a static window. This program creates it's own animation
This program esily transitions throught the windows without a hitch. This program
is over 2000 lines of code long. This program incorporates more than 3 different
class files. This program has different tabs of code for functionality. This
program has over 30 different booleans for program flow and generation. This
program incorporates arrays for the generation of the fighters and the enemies. 
This program has a working health bar. This program uses over 15 images. This
program is so exceptional that processing cannot run it with a memory allocation
under 3000mb. This program has working intro and outtro animation. This program
generates builidngs in a random location, regenerating them if there is a collison. 
It therefore has collison detection between the elements of the rng. This program
calculates cost dependant on your ressources. This program compensates for
user skill and swarms the user if they are doing too well. This program is unique,
and unlike any other program ever created. The incoporation of challenging 
concepts into the processing UI is extensive. This program sums up not only
the talents of one very talented young programmer, but it is enough to make
an entire gaming company proud and with more time and effort, this game could be
released for the general public. This game is incredible and I daresay it is my 
single most proud programming accomplishment to date (2015). I spent over 100 hours 
coding this bad boy and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. It's amazing. 

